Zhao thanks for advocating it
Take advantage of the opportunity
If there is someone in your Zhao family in the future
A draw that occupies a lineage of the Kunlun system
homeless
Qitang Tyrant Room
Chance to be ruthless
Lord, don't worry.
Zhao family for so many years
The most important thing is backup training
This problem will never occur.
That's your business.
Then I'll go get ready.
This is quite fragrant
Lord
Why don't I invite Mother Zhu over for dinner?
Today's ingredients
But there is an existence that cannot be sought after
You have a heart
They are in the banquet hall
I'll do it myself
he
Did I hear it wrong?
I guess so.
Shouldn't he have invited my freshness over?
Why did Zhao Yu go down alone?
Hey, Mr. Zhao, long time no see.